
CAPSTONE OPTION 1: MUSCLEHUB A/B TEST
To stay on track, submit by May 22

You've been hired to help MuscleHub, a fancy gym, run an A/B test!

Currently, when a visitor to MuscleHub is considering buying a 
	membership, he or she follows the following steps:
- Take a fitness test with a personal trainer
- Fill out an application for the gym
- Send in their payment for their first month's membership

Janet, the manager of MuscleHub, thinks that the fitness test 
	intimidates some prospective members, so she has set up an A/B test.

Visitors will randomly be assigned to one of two groups:
- Group A will still be asked to take a fitness test with a 
	personal trainer
- Group B will skip the fitness test and proceed directly 
	to the application

Janet's hypothesis is that visitors assigned to Group B will be more 
	likely to eventually purchase a membership to MuscleHub.

You will help her analyze the data and create a presentation.



TASK 1: PULLING AND ANALYZING DATA
Download musclehub.zip

Double click on it to “unzip” the folder. It should contain 7 items:
	visits.csv, 
	fitness_tests.csv, 
	applications.csv, 
	purchases.csv, 
	codecademySQL.py, 
	interviews.txt, 
	musclehub.ipynb

In the command line, navigate into the musclehub directory

Type the following into the command line:
	jupyter notebook
	This should open a browser tab.

Click on musclehub.ipynb in the browser tab. 
	This will open up your Jupyter Notebook.
Follow the steps in the Jupyter Notebook. 
	It will help you do your analysis.


TASK 2: QUALITATIVE DATA
In the file interviews.txt, there are interviews with a few 
	different gym visitors who participated in the A/B test. 
	Read them and see if they help you better understand the 
	results of the test.


TASK 3: CREATE A SLIDE DECK
Create a slide deck using Google Drive , Microsoft Powerpoint, 
	or some other presentation software. Your presentation should 
	include the following:
- A title slide
- A description of what happened in this A/B test
- A summary of your dataset and any information you think would be helpful background
- The results of the three hypothesis tests that you ran, including an explanation of the type of test that you used and why it was appropriate
- A summary of the qualitative data
- A recommendation for MuscleHub

If you like, you can also record a video of yourself giving the 
	presentation and upload it to YouTube.


TASK 4: SUBMIT YOUR PROJECT
1. Save your presentation as a PDF using save as.
2. Save your iPython notebook as a “.py” file using File > Download as > Python (.py)
3. If you created a video, create a file called video.txt with a link to the video
4. Move your PDF, your Python file, and (optionally) your video.txt into the same folder.
5. Compress the folder into a .zip
6. Upload the zip to Codecademy

